I'm studying ecology at Concordia I just
finished my undergrad degree I have a
passion for the environment and I'd like
a job that has something to do with
protecting biodiversity out there and
that's leading me into conservation
biology at Oxford and potentially into a
job within that field I was hanging out
with some friends and I was driving home
and I got the call as I was in the car
so I had to pull over and then they said
I was selected for the road scholarship
Oxford was one of those places you know
Harvard Yale Oxford it's just a dream
you know not something you think that is
actually gonna happen the teachers here
at Concordia the professors and lead
administration that we have here are
extremely helpful
they helped me along every step of the
way if it's really great to have it
actually one-on-one connection with a
lot of your professors and I think
that's something that Concordia does
extremely well we have a really amazing
wide variety of classes and it was
taking a number of those classes that
really gave me that knowledge yes this
is what I want to do with my life I'm a
member of Concordia wrestling team and
the past few years went to varsity
national championships the sports has
grounded me and provided me with the
background that I need to be able to
succeed the help that we get from these
donors it cuts up a lot of the pressure
and it allows us to focus on studying
extracurricular activities like
wrestling and my sports some of the
community stuff I do without that the
help from these donors something would
have had to give it away
Concordia itself has a lot of internal
scholarships and they're really
beneficial look at what you're eligible
to apply for and apply because the only
thing you know for certain is that if
you don't apply for these scholarships
you're not gonna get them sometimes I
think why me what makes me you know so
special but it's also a really exciting
feeling for the future that I have ahead